

### Fwd: State machine generator doc
@ 11/30/16 1:58:13 PM

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Austin, Chris (London) <Chris.Austin@man.com>
Date: Wed, 30 Nov 2016 at 13:55
Subject: State machine generator doc
To: chris.j.austin@gmail.com <chris.j.austin@gmail.com>


https://imatix-legacy.github.io/libero/index2.htm

This email has been sent by a member of the Man group (“Man”). Man’s parent
company, Man Group plc, is registered in England and Wales (company number
08172396) at Riverbank House, 2 Swan  Lane, London, EC4R 3AD.
The contents of this email are for the named addressee(s) only. It contains
information which may be confidential and privileged. If you are not the
intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately, destroy this
email and any attachments and do not otherwise disclose or use them. Email
transmission is not a secure method of communication and Man cannot accept
responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of this email or any
attachments. Whilst Man makes every effort to keep its network free from
viruses, it does not accept responsibility for any computer virus which
might be transferred by way of this email or any attachments. This email
does not constitute a request, offer, recommendation or solicitation of any
kind to buy, subscribe, sell or redeem any investment instruments or to
perform other such transactions of any kind. Man reserves the right to
monitor, record and retain all electronic and telephone communications
through its network in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
--UwQe9f5k7pI3vplngP

